(Episode 30)
Tak Jung Hwan. What a scary man.
Why are you all sitting around?
Go arrest that jerk.
But whom did he kill? That's not clear here.
You're right. If he denies it, it'll be over.
Goodness, is there no way around this?
Tak has no idea...
that this lighter is damaged or that we have it.
You're right.
If Director Tak is looking for this lighter,
I'm sure Jin is also looking for this.
Jin is the most important suspect for us right now.
If we arrest her, we can also get to Director Tak.
Yes, but she's gone completely off the radar.
Jin Soo A.
If you want her to come out,
we just have to show her where this lighter is.
And how are we going to do that?
I need to use the restroom.
- Let's take a five. - Okay.
What?
My gosh. I'm such a genius.
I just came up with a fantastic idea.
I'm too smart to live as a conman.
Let's think more about your body than your brains for now.
So what's your idea?
So...
do you want to hear it?
So this is my opinion.
Who should have the lighter for it to be threatening to Tak?
Someone who knows Director Tak very well.
We need someone who knows all of his weaknesses.
Is there someone who'll give us that information?
There is...
one guy.
Okay. I think I know.
Then who'll be the player?
Dong Tak?
There's another guy who's apparently better. I mean, he's better.
You got fired, and I got fired.
It's not fair how we were the only ones who took a toll.
That's why I told you to shut it and keep silent.
Exactly.
I heard you're rather close with Director Tak.
Can't he do anything for you?
Don't even bring up his name.
Once I get out of here,
I'm going to join forces with Chairman Jo and...
Chairman Jo?
Chairman Jo is incredibly agitated right now.
Director Tak betrayed him big time.
Chairman Jo Man Ho of Star Group.
He's probably dying to give Tak a blow.
So what?
Do you want to deceive Chairman Jo into this?
There's a really good player when it comes to fraud.
Who?
Captain Yoo.
You were looking for a player, right?
You're insane.
Okay.
So...
why does the detective who took away my son want to see me?
Director Jo and I had a minor misunderstanding.
I came to fix that.
What's your card? Let's hear it.
A lighter?
There's something very scary in here.
Tak Jung Hwan.
So you want more? If I give you the money,
you won't tell anyone about...
killing...
I'll call you in three days.
This is...
In three days...
I told you that you'd love it.
And why did you bring this to me?
If I can make a business card...
No, forget that.
What happened to...
Director Tak 16 years ago?
That's all I need to know.
Why do you want to know that, Detective Cha?
He betrayed me big time.
So I want to give him...
a huge blow too.
You and I have something in common. A huge blow.
You're very cute.
Thank you, sir.
Money laundering, embezzlement, accounting fraud.
But you did something far more interesting that these.
What do you mean?
I recently received a very interesting toy.
It's really interesting. This lighter can talk.
How did you...
You shouldn't be wondering how I got this.
Shouldn't you be...
more curious about...
how I will use this?
What do you want?
Money is above the law.
And I want something above money.
So you want me to overturn your son's trial.
And lie face down below my feet, and bark like a dog.
You're just a director in prosecution.
How dare you betray me?
How arrogant of you.
At least, I don't kill people.
That lighter we've been looking for...
is in a stranger's hands.
People's habits do not change very often.
Chairman Jo...
always stores important articles...
in his office desk instead of his safe.
May I ask you...
for one last favor?
- What's that? - What is that?
- Over there. - Control room, what's going on?
Control room.
The stabber that twists went in there?
How?
The chairman and I had a deal.
Someone will sneak in tonight.
Let the person in.
- You persuaded a chairman? - Yes.
Shall we get her when she comes out?
No.
We'll get them when the person meets her handler.
2 birds with 1 stone?
What's that?
The one the twisting stabber has...
is a tracking device.
Is this the one and only tracker in the world you said you had?
What? Which...
Oh, that one's inside me...
What nonsense is that?
Hey, I want one of those. Where'd you get it? Is it expensive?
That's her. Now, come at me.
- What? - Like last time.
Hard, in one go, okay?
You want me to punch you again?
Have you gone wrong in the head?
I like it.
Well done.
- Are you okay? - I'm fine, I...
Why do I feel so weak this time?
Leave it to me. Go to the hospital.
You too.
Call me regularly.
Whom were you talking to?
(Genesis Connected Service)
(Sending command...)
(Sent)
(System on)
- Let's go. - Why did he bring me for?
Whom was he talking to?
To me. Can we go? I'm exhausted.
Okay.
So this is it.
Violent Crimes 2, it's time to get moving.
Okay, let's do this.
(Slow)
The motorcyclist...
fits the description of a murder suspect we're after.
You wouldn't have any business with such a person,
but could you come with us for a chat?
Of course.
Thank you.
What?
Sir, your father agreed to come to the police station.
- He did? - Yes.
Where's Jin Soo A?
I lost her,
but I know where she'll go.
I was almost too late.
She might show up.
Whatever happens,
- protect Gong Soo Chang. - Don't worry.
If I see that twisting stabber,
I'll kill her.
Are you the twisting stabber from Japan?
So you're female.
Nice to meet you.
See, I'm pretty good with a blade myself.
Come at me. Seeing you're female,
I won't try too hard.
Darn it. Get up! Quick!
Go after her! She can't get away!
What are we doing this for?
Soo Chang, stay strong. Do it for your cellmate.
You're cellmates? You were in prison?
We have some talking to do.
You killed Hang Joon.
He was family to me.
[VIU Ver] E30 Two Cops "One Last Favor"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Jin Soo A!
You have the right to remain silent.
You can hire a lawyer...
and refuse to make incriminating statements.
I really...
hope you do that.
I want you to keep quiet...
and think for a long, long time...
about the things you did.
One day, you'll realize that...
as much as you've suffered,
you've made others suffer as well.
You go ahead. I have to see a friend.
Okay.
You really got her.
Yes.
We got her together.
What happens now?
Jin Soo A...
will be charged with the murders of Hang Joon, Kim Jong Doo,
and your attempted murder.
She'll go on trial.
And Director Tak?
If she testifies that Tak instigated the murders,
he'll never get out.
I think it's all over.
That's great.
Then I can go back now.
Yes.
Then...
I'm off.
Bye, bothersome ghost.
- Don't ignore me when you see me. - You're crazy.
I'm crazy? You're crazier for talking to a ghost.
Goodness.
Gosh. I'm his family, okay?
How can I not see his call records?
The thing is,
- I could get into trouble. - I know that.
You just have to tell me whom he talked to at 6pm.
It's been a while since...
- Hey. - Hey.
Her father was a cop like us.
Can't you help us clear a dead man's name?
Okay, okay, fine.
Here's the name and phone number.
- Thank you. - You're so sweet.
You're the best, Detective Park.
I'm not a detective anymore.
Still, thank you.
Detective Cha had asked me to look into...
your father's incident.
- Did he? - Yes.
If I call this Oh Soo Cheol,
I'll find something.
Okay.
Hello?
You gave me something, so now, it's my turn.
16 years ago,
what did you use against Director Tak?
He asked me to make a cop look corrupt.
So I did it.
Was that...
Detective Song Ji Seok?
Yes.
We never met at all,
all right?
If he becomes Minister of Justice, I might have to side with him again.
I hope we never have to meet again.
(Park Dong Ki)
- Hello? - I looked into Song's last day.
Someone remembers him.
A cashier at the cafe he often went to.
She told the detective in charge at the time,
but for some reason, no one followed up.
But...
she remembered the person Detective Song last met.
Who was it?
Tak Jung Hwan.
He was just a prosecutor at the time.
Oh, I was just with Reporter Song.
I didn't tell her this.
I'll tell her.
(Song Ji An)
Reporter Song, it's me. Can we meet up?
Of course, I have something to tell you.
Your coffee's ready.
Thank you.
Hello? Are you Oh Soo Cheol?
Hello, I'm Song Ji An, a reporter with NBC.
Your number came up in an old case.
I wanted to ask you some questions.
I'll go see my father.
Okay.
Sir, this is for you.
They're the photos from 16 years ago that you asked for.
(Cha Dong Tak)
You want to prove that you're a man?
Then follow me.
What?
This is Cha Dong Tak?
Tak Jung Hwan who framed my innocent dad,
and the helmet girl who killed Jo Hang Joon.
We got them all.
What kind of fate is this dramatic?
Just two days before my time is up,
I can go back to my body.
It's such a relief.
I can go back and come to life.
Okay.
Here goes.
The hospital smell.
Nice.
Why am I in the same clothes...
as before?
Why... I'm still in bed.
What's wrong?
I'll try again.
Why not?
Why won't it work?
Why can't I go back?
Cha Dong Tak.
Something's wrong.
Is there something else left to solve?
Is my dad here?
I can tell him if you want.
"You shouldn't forget the cause..."
"of the traffic accident 16 years ago."
"Do not forget that."
Was that what you said?
What if...
it all started because of someone?
Who?
Don't you remember?
"Hey,"
"nerd."
Hey, nerd.
Is this your dad's car?
I thought you were a nerd, but you're actually a girl.
What?
You want to prove that...
you're a man?
Then follow me.
What's that?
Now, do you remember?
(Couple Dies)
Dad.
Will you open?
Then it was...
Yes, it was your fault.
That day, 16 years ago,
the accident happened...
because of you.
What...
does he mean?
All this began with me.
I didn't use my phone that day.
My nephew stole it.
If you want to know more, you can ask him.
He's a detective in Seoul Central Police Station.
His name is Cha Dong Tak.
The one who called my dad that day was...
Detective Cha?
Well, they were acquainted, so it's a possibility.
Then that means my dad suddenly had to do something...
after he got a call from Detective Cha.
Even Ji An's misfortune.
Will I ever have the nerve to say this to you?
That's all I have to say.
I'm going to go see my father.
Did he just say it's all because of you?
What does that mean?
Tell me.
What does he mean?
And...
to you, Soo Chang.
(Two Cops)
He was actually the guy who ruined my life.
Why is life so harsh?
You killed Detective Jo according to...
Director Tak's order, right?
Whom are you trying to blame for abetting murder?
He was actually murdered by Director Tak Jung Hwan.
Have you ever wondered why...
you had to do the killing?
You have to finish the whole thing.
Then what about Dong Tak?